[cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy
entered a fighting tournament
that promises the Flame-Flame
Fruit to the champion.
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
[NARRATOR] Later, after Luffy
reunites with Zoro and Kin'emon,
Doflamingo bursts onto
the scene and shoots Law.
[LUFFY] You're gonna pay
for doing that to Traffy!
Don't you know?
Law used to work for me.
I'm just cleaning
up my own mess.
[LUFFY] "Luffy Astonished! The
Man Who Inherits Ace's Will!"
[thud, crash]
[groans]
[giggles]
I made an oopsie! So sorry!
I wanted you to die
without suffering,
but it looks like I missed
a vital spot. [giggles]
No, something isn't right.
Huh?
I pledged by undying
loyalty to Joker, didn't I?
And you say he
sent you to kill me?
I don't buy it!
I've had enough!
Spring Death Knock!
Aw, poor thing!
It's hard for you, huh?
But we just don't need you!
[BELLAMY groans]
You would only be
a burden to the Family.
[DELLINGER laughs]
[BELLAMY groans]
[gasps]
[BELLAMY] Damn it! I can't
even fight! All I can do is run!
But that brat's
gotta be lying to me!
[BELLAMY grunting]
[BELLAMY] If I can find
Joker, he'll settle this!
I wanna hear it face-to face!
[BELLAMY groans]
You can't win and you can't run,
so just give up, 'kay?
[BELLAMY yells]
You didn't even join
and you're being a burden
to the Young Master already!
[BELLAMY groans]
[BELLAMY panting]
Say night-night, Bellamy!
[gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Sorry, kid, that's my barrier.
The heck are you doing here?
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Is that Bartolomeo?
Our fight is none
of your business!
Sorry, were you fighting?
I just put up a barrier
'cause I felt like it, honestly.
I was given an order
by the Young Master!
If you get in my way,
I'll kill you, too!
[laughs] You can try!
But good luck
breaking my barrier
with those little baby kicks!
--[DELLINGER growls]
--[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL clicks]
What d'you want?!
I'm in the middle
of something here!
[DIAMANTE]
Curb the attitude, Dellinger.
[DELLINGER grunts]
I was gonna ask if you
were done with Bellamy,
but it seems you're still at it.
You're too slow.
It's not my fault!
I got interrupted!
[BARTOLOMEO cackles]
[DIAMANTE] It's fine.
Just finish him later.
Uh?
[DIAMANTE]
Doffy has a new order for you.
[BELLAMY grunts]
Go guard the Toy House
with Lao-G and his group.
On the double!
C'mon, Diamante,
I'm almost done here!
Just give me a sec and
he'll be good and dead!
[DIAMANTE] No way! You'll follow
orders and you'll like it!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL clicks]
[coughing]
[BELLAMY]
A new order?
Then it's true.
He really does want me dead.
Screw this crap.
And screw you, too!
[DELLINGER]
Get out of my way!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Let me kill him!
I am gonna stomp him dead!
Now move!
You kiddin'?
I'm not budging an inch!
You don't want your
boss gettin' mad, do ya?
So just go already!
[DELLINGER gasps, growls] You
and your barrier can go to hell!
This isn't over by a long shot!
Mark my words, you're not
leaving Dressrosa alive!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles] Yeah,
yeah, that's what they all say.
[BELLAMY] That was Diamante
on the Transponder Snail.
So, everything
Dellinger said was true.
That means Doflamingo
was the one who was lying.
All this time...
he was toying with me?
So I just gotta
win the tournament?
Then you'll give me
a spot in the Family?
Of course.
[gasps]
I'll be cheering for you.
Good luck out there.
[BELLAMY gasps]
Thank you!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[BELLAMY grunts]
Lemme take you to
the medical room, buddy.
Dammit!
I don't need you
butting in! Just go away!
Leave me alone. I've lost
my only reason to live.
Why the hell do you wanna
save me in the first place, huh?
We were enemies!
I woulda killed you along
with everyone else
in that battle royale.
Now you're protecting me?
Yep!
[cries]
When men fight in the same ring,
they become like brothers!
We're comrades in battle now!
And, damn it, I'd never
turn my back on a comrade!
[TOY SOLDIER] Now you know the
dark history of this nation.
And next,
I shall tell you how
I plan to liberate its people.
What do I call
this plan, you ask?
Operation Dressrosa SOP!
[DWARVES gasp]
SOP, huh? So what
does that stand for?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Beneath this kingdom,
there is a massive,
underground network.
Unbeknownst to the people above,
there lies a trade port
for black market dealings,
as well as a mysterious factory.
There, the captured Tontatta,
along with the humans who
have been transformed into toys,
are forced to work
around the clock.
[FRANKY] Okay, cool, but
what does SOP mean, again?
[TOY SOLDIER] We'll sneak in
through an underground passage
that we've been digging
for an entire year.
Then, we'll rescue everyone!
I see! Now get to the part where
you tell us what SOP means,
'cause I know
it's gotta be super.
[ROBIN]
Franky, give it up.
We'll wreck the facilities and
defeat the Doflamingo Family.
Then King Riku will
return to the throne!
That is goal of our operation.
I doubt it'll be
quite that easy!
Of course, there
may be complications.
After all,
none of us can predict
what might happen in Dressrosa,
especially in its current state.
[FRANKY, USOPP gulp]
That said, there is one thing
we must do if we want to win.
[FRANKY]
Hm?
The one who turned us into toys
is a member of
Doflamingo's inner circle.
We'll target them
and shut down the power
of their Hobby-Hobby Fruit.
[FRANKY, ROBIN, USOPP gasp]
Hobby-Hobby what?
We simply have
to knock them out.
[gasps] And doing so will
break the spell on the toys?
That's correct!
All of the toys will
return to their human forms!
In the secret factory
and the streets alike!
Then, the lost memories of them
will come flooding back
to their loved ones.
While that's a
victory in itself,
it's hard to say
what will follow.
[USOPP grunts]
[FRANKY gasps]
How many of the former toys
will rise up in arms with us?
What will the citizens think
when their memories are restored
and what action will they take?
How will Doflamingo respond?
How will the Navy respond?
The only thing that
we know for certain
is that the kingdom
will be thrown into chaos.
So this person with the
Hobby-Hobby power,
the one who changed everybody--
where are they now?
They must be pretty strong, huh?
According to our
Tontatta scouting unit,
she should be in the underground
trade port, for the time being.
[COTTON, INHEL growl]
[TOY SOLDIER] She's a special
officer in the Trebol Army.
Her name is Sugar!
[TOY SOLDIER] She is a girl
who can transform anything
into a toy simply
by touching it.
She appears to be a child,
but it seems that anyone
who eats the Hobby-Hobby Fruit
stops aging the moment
that its power takes hold.
Since she's such a vital figure,
she is under the constant
protection of Trebol,
one of Doflamingo's
highest officers.
[COTTON, INHEL grunt]
I see. But we can avoid
a conflict with Trebol
just as long as we
can knock out Sugar.
That's correct!
The plan is to scare
her out of her wits
and make her pass out!
Operation:
Sugar!
Over-surprised!
Panic!
And that is the meaning behind
SOP, my inquisitive friend.
Wow! Now that is the kind of
name I can get behind, bro!
[ROBIN grunts]
If it's a little girl we're
fighting, no problem. Follow me!
--[DWARVES cheer]
--[ROBIN sighs]
All right! I'm gettin'
all fired up!
Franky Hair Salon in the house!
Ya dig my Combat Hair?
Yay, Fraland!
Yay, Usoland!
[DWARVES]
You guys are the best!
Aw, yeah! Usoland
is gonna save the day!
Ain't no plan too
grand for Fraland!
Now take us to the
underground, little dudes,
'cause we are ready to go!
[DWARVES]
Yay, Usolanders!
[panting]
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Luffy runs
from one passage to the next,
frantically searching for the
exit to the Corrida Coliseum.
Hold on.
Forget the exit.
Where am I?
[BARTOLOMEO]
So the plan is, someday
I'm gonna be Mister
Luffy's apprentice!
Well, it's more like my dream.
[LUFFY panting]
--[MAN A] Close the door!
--[LUFFY yelps] The bathroom!
Huh?
Huh? Rooster Head, it's me!
Man, am I glad to see you!
[BARTOLOMEO screams]
M-M-M-Mister Luffy?!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Pull it together, Barto.
Mister Luffy's gonna be
the King of the Pirates.
You gotta make a better
impression than this!
[LUFFY]
Oh, it's Bellamy!
[BARTOLOMEO screams]
[BARTOLOMEO]
He's too radiant!
It's-it's like
staring at the sun!
Hey, Mister Luffy?
I don't remember what happened.
Did you get to see Mister Zoro?
Yeah, I sure did!
Thanks for the help.
[BARTOLOMEO whimpers]
It was my pleasure!
Anyway, I gotta get
somewhere quick, see?
But I can't find the exit.
Think you can help again?
There is no exit.
You have to keep on fighting.
Uh! Hold on.
Bellamy... why
are you so beat up?
Never mind that.
I'm telling you, there's no
escape from this place
unless they want you to leave.
You might as well stop looking
and give up hope.
[LUFFY]
There's no way out? How?
There was a way in!
It's an emergency!
[BELLAMY]
Tch.
You work for Doflamingo, right?
C'mon!
Please! You gotta
know a secret way out!
[BELLAMY]
Work for Doflamingo?
I wasn't even good
enough to be his flunky.
Bellamy, my friends
need my help!
[BELLAMY growls]
I'm looking to get
outta this place myself.
If you follow me,
maybe you'll get out, too,
but no promises.
Really? Thanks, buddy!
Glad you're showing me the way!
I'm not "showing"
you a damn thing.
I just won't
stop you, that's all.
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
You're not telling me
to betray my boss, are you?
Even now...
I'm loyal to Doflamingo!
No matter what,
I'll always respect him.
C'mon, man.
Just a second ago, you--
I don't care! I've got
my own honor to uphold!
That's fine!
I'll follow you out.
[BELLAMY, BARTOLOMEO gasp]
But wait! What about the
Flame-Flame Fruit, Mister Luffy?
There's one guy I hope
doesn't win, but it's fine.
The lives of my friends
matter way more!
Don't worry! I'll take
care of that for you!
In fact, that was my plan
from the very start of things!
I knew you'd want a keepsake
from your dear,
departed brother,
so I was gonna win it
and then, give it to you!
Really? Do you mean it?
Of course! It was
destined to belong to you!
Uh, you're getting
hard to understand.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Don't you worry about 'nothin!
Just go and save the day
and let old Barto take care
of the tournament for ya!
Why are you telling
that to the wall?
[LUFFY]
Thanks! You're awesome, buddy!
[footsteps]
[SABO] If you think you're
getting the Flame-Flame Fruit,
you're wrong.
Sorry, Luffy.
It's mine.
[LUFFY grunts]
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
Oh, yeah?
Ya wanna fight?
Listen up! I dunno who
the hell you think you are,
but that's "Mister Luffy"
to you, ya damn punk!
The Flame-Flame Fruit belonged
to his brother, Fire Fist Ace,
so nobody deserves to
have it more than him!
Also, he's gonna be King of
the Pirates one day, ya jackass!
[SABO] I know.
I've known that for years.
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
Hey, what's your deal?!
You show up outta nowhere and
tell me I can't have the fruit?
Uh? This moron's pissing me off!
He got a grudge against
Mister Luffy, or what?
Look! You're upsetting
him, you jerk!
[inaudible]
[LUFFY gasps]
It's you.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
[LUFFY gasps]
[whimpers]
[cries]
Luffy!
[LUFFY sobbing]
[ZORO]
You got outta the damn place,
why are you crying?
[MARINE A] What d'you mean you
can't find the Pirate Hunter?
He was right here!
Call the Vice-Admiral, hurry!
[MARINE B]
Yes, sir!
[KIN'EMON]
It seems my flawless disguises
have fooled the Navy into
thinking we're naught but toys!
[ZORO]
Flawless, my ass!
Look how much we stick out!
These costumes are weird!
[KIN'EMON] But I chose all
the best animals! Like carp!
Carp are great!
[LUFFY sobbing]
[ZORO] Stop crying already!
You wanna save Traffy or not?
[LUFFY sobbing]
I'll save Traffy.
And I'll kick Mingo's ass.
Now I know the Flame-Flame
Fruit will be in good hands.
[ZORO]
What does that mean?
[KOALA] I heard Robin's
in Dressrosa, too.
Ah, it's been forever.
Hope I can see her.
[KOALA]
I'm glad you got to see Luffy.
[SABO] Yeah. I was afraid
he was gonna punch me. [sniffs]
[KOALA giggles]
Are you crying?
[SABO]
What?! I don't cry!
[KOALA chuckles]
You're wondering if
you could've saved him
if you'd been there, too?
[SABO grunts]
[KOALA]
No one can say.
Don't blame yourself.
[SABO]
All right.
[KOALA chuckles]
[SABO]
Let me know as soon as you have
more info on this
underground place.
[KOALA]
Okay.
[SABO]
In the meantime,
I'll be taking back
that fruit for you, Ace.
[CROWD cheering]
[SABO] Luffy and I
will carry on your will.
[LUFFY whimpers] I never
thought he might still be alive!
[ZORO] Who the hell
are you talkin' about?!
[LUFFY]
I was sure he died...
...all those years ago.
But all this time,
he was out there.
[NARRATOR] After his
fateful reunion with Sabo,
Luffy races to the
palace to stop Doflamingo.
Meanwhile, the hero
Usoland rushes through
the underground tunnels
to begin Operation SOP.
What he finds is another world
that represents the dark
underbelly of Dressrosa.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Operation SOP Starts!
Usoland Charges Forth!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!